In this lecture, I will show you how to access your nginx web server, which is running on your private subnet
instances.
So you just need the IP and here you can see the instance is only having the private IP address so you
won't able to access your instances from the Internet.
So what you can do here.
So you can just log in to your public subnet.
So this is my public subnet and here just type curl and give the IP.
And let's see whether I'm getting the output or not.
So it is not working.
So the reason is you have to go to the security group and click on this security group.
So this security group is assigned to both of my instances and edit inbound rules and select HTTP and
giving everyone.
And save.
Coming back here.
Let me re-fire this command.
And here you can see I'm getting some output.
You can also check with the elinks.
So let's see, we have the links.
So, yum.
Install elinks.
And here the same command.
But you have to use the elinks.
And you can see that this page is opening here.
So what's the IP of my another system?
So let me cross-check.
What's the private IP of my another instance?
Okay.
I've just copied IP address and E links and this one you can see it is working fine.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.